migration of component testing from 6.X to 7.0 (#3759)
cypress-io/cypress-documentation: content/guides/references/migration-guide.md

Before 7.0, Cypress Component testing used preprocessors to bundle your code before serving it to the cypress tests.
You could have a plugins file like the following:

<Badge type="danger">Before</Badge>

```js
const webpackPreprocessor = require('@cypress/webpack-preprocessor')
const webpackConfig = require('../webpack.config')

module.exports = (on, config) => {
  on('file:preprocessor', webpackPreprocessor(options))

  return config
}
```

In 7.0 we introduced the concept of a test "dev-server". So you will have to change the plugins file like so.

<Badge type="success">After</Badge>

```js
const { startDevServer } = require('@cypress/webpack-dev-server') // replace the preprocessor with a dev-server
const webpackConfig = require('../webpack.config')

module.exports = (on, config) => {
  on('dev-server:start', (options) => {
    // use the dev-server:start event instead of file preprocessor
    return startDevServer({ options, webpackConfig })
  })

  return config
}
```

### Support File

Good news: You no longer require a support file.

If you find the following line in your support file, remove it, it is not useful anymore.

<Badge type="danger">Before</Badge>

```js

> import '@cypress/react/hooks' // OR import '@cypress/react/hooks'

Reviewer: Is this meant to say OR require?

Author: it was meant to say `OR import "cypress-react-unit-testing"` with the version that was not in the monorepo. 
I will fix it

```

> We kept the file in the published version to avoid breaking changes. But the file does not do anything.

Reviewer: I don't understand this line at all. Many users will just have a support file, they use it for lots of other things. How are you controlling whether they have a support file? What it this published version?

Author: I meant that the "hooks" file has been deprecated. But I agree the sentence is very confusing.

Author: I will try to find a better formulation

Author: ```suggestion
We kept the `hooks.js` file in version 7.0 to avoid a breaking change. But the hooks file does not do anything anything.
```
